>> Speaker 1: In regards to
accessible colors, some of
the things we run into sometimes is where
the color is actually more visible on
white than it is on a darker background,
but it passes on a darker background.
An example of it,
if you go to accessible-colors.com,
>> Speaker 1: And
if you just did a text color of 009900,
then background color of white,
>> Speaker 1: You could see it fails,
but obviously, the green is a little
more legible over the white than black.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: Do you, I mean,
have you-
>> Jon Kuperman: No,
that's a really good point.
So I mean yeah, like so these are, yeah,
so when you're looking at color contrast,
it's specifically looking from
the perspective of being color blind or
having some kind of
condition with your eye.
But sometimes, in an attempt to pass
color contrast, you're actually making it
difficult to see for
people that have very good vision, right?
Cuz yeah, in this case, I would prefer the
green on white than the green on black,
even though the green on black passes.
I mean, I think,
as much as it kinda stinks,
is to find one that satisfies both.
Find something that passes, but
also is a little bit more legible.
Cuz yeah, that's a tricky situation.
I've also seen it,
like I've picked terrible color
schemes to put into that site earlier.
And it's been like sweet, that passes.
And I'm like what, no,
I mean, it's so ugly.
But those don't always go hand in hand.
So yeah,
I guess just trying to play around,
find something that
satisfies both parties.
Sorry, I don't have a better answer for
that one.
>> Speaker 1: No, I'm just curious cuz
it seems that the algorithm is based on
reflective light more than it
is backlit displays sometimes.
And so-
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: It kind of
seems like it's a miss.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, I mean,
it's another thing, yeah,
that would be interesting to do a little
bit more research into how it's
calculating these and
if it's actually a contrast problem.
>> Speaker 1: The green
on black wouldn't be so
bad if it wasn't surrounded
by white background.
>> Jon Kuperman: White?
That's valid too, yeah.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
>> Jon Kuperman: Here?
I don't know, trying to.
[CROSSTALK] Yeah, no, I know.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 1: No,
yeah, that's what I'll do, yeah.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
it's really interesting.
>> Speaker 1: Good point.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, sorry?
>> Speaker 1: One thing we haven't
talked about in much detail and
we kind of glossed over is
the distinctions between
the different single A,
double A, triple A categories,
in so far as they relate to
legal areas and legal risk for
particular quality levels for
your web site.
I noticed that a lot of our checklists
that we were going through,
most of our descriptions tended to
focus on just a single A level.
But most of these tools that we're
looking at are automatically set to be
requiring things up like
the double A level.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, no, that's a good
point and [LAUGH] unfortunately, it's
a little bit intentional that they've been
glossed over because they're pretty murky.
So yeah, the definitions of what makes A,
double A, triple A are not super murky,
they're pretty clear.
So if you go to the web aim checklist,
each category will have, if applicable,
will have what makes it each category.
But when it comes to what is
our responsibility for it,
that's where it gets a little bit
murky where there's not a ton of
legal precedent on what
makes an accessible web.
So we don't have something as simple like,
if it's an educational site,
it must be at least, we don't really have
that as much as we have individual cases
of users saying that this can't work and
that goes to court and whatever.
So I think, yeah, unfortunately,
that's missing from my slides on purpose
cuz I don't really have
a ton of good Information
on pretty much any of the legal
precedent stuff, you know what I mean?
It's a little bit difficult to pin
down what you're responsible for
as what type of organization and what
the legal risks are, you know what I mean?
A lot of that is [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 1: As sort of a rule of thumb
or a general principle from
your understanding then,
is the general area that we should
be aiming for as good enough or
a minimum bar of acceptability mostly
A level, mostly double A level, making
sure that we don't have a majority of
things that don't even get to the A level?
>> Jon Kuperman: The thing is,
so those get really tricky.
And I'm curious what Jack's opinion
on a lot of this stuff is too.
But as far as,
some of the differentiation between A and
triple A or something like that,
seems to really be application specific.
Where it's just like, I'm curious, I know
you've worked more on anything to do
with legal representation sides of it,
too.
>> Speaker 1: So what I can tell you
is that the standard is double A.
And what we've seen in terms of
legislation, for example, in the EU in
Canada, is that they've actually
adopted the double A standard as law.
>> Jon Kuperman: Just taking
it verbatim as, okay.
>> Speaker 1: Basically yes, and the US
Federal government is on the way actually
to be doing the same thing probably for
final adoption in 2017.
Triple A is really considered
aspirational because even-
>> Jon Kuperman: Cuz some of the stuff,
right, is, there's certain
functionality you can't have and
be triple A compliant,
which is kind of a showstopper.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, so
shooting for double A.
>> Jon Kuperman: So
what does it mean to say,
I was just gonna ask about the NUS and
ADA and so on, but
what does it mean to say it's in
law that you have to be double A?
Does it mean like.
>> Speaker 1: So
Section 508 was the piece of legislation
that began to help define how,
it specifically speaks to.
Shoot, like when the Federal government
goes out to purchase products,
products have to meet certain standards.
508 defines what those standards
are in terms of accessibility.
And what they're doing is that they're
actually going to take the WCAG
guidelines, and
they're gonna fold them into that law.
So any money that the Federal
government spends on any vendor,
anything they buy from them
needs to meet those standards.
>> Jon Kuperman: They need to be double A.
So is that the same than in Canada and
in Europe then?
That's what we were talking about,
there is that-
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
>> Jon Kuperman: Canadian
government does with the European.
>> Speaker 1: Essentially.
>> Jon Kuperman: Okay.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, I mean, and again, I'm
speaking very broadly about that, but yes.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, so I think,
I mean, the big thing, like we mentioned,
like the triple A stuff,
is that it really precludes certain apps.
There's certain things that you just
can't have, yeah, which is a bit tricky.
And then where it gets really murky is if
you're not anywhere related to government
contract, if you're a startup or
a firm or whatever.
Where do you go from there?
Whereas that's where less legalese,
but more of the web aim checklist.
I find a really great resource for
that kind of stuff, where you're not so
much concerned with legislation as
you are with user experience, right?
So you're just kind of reading over them,
like okay, these things should have alt
text, these things should have labels,
that kind of approach instead.
But yeah, that's really good info.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 1: Another question from Ben,
in the case of redundant ARIA roles and
HTML5 tags, [articlerole=article,
which browser screen readers are being
targeted with this redundancy?
Are there times when you should not use
ARIA roles and simply rely on HTML5?
>> Jon Kuperman: Gotcha,
so, yeah, [LAUGH] again,
a little bit tricky with
versions of things.
So as far as how the element,
like an article element, is going to
be parsed depends on browser version.
So example,
older versions of Internet Explorer,
those are just gonna fall
back to just being dibs.
So if you have a product that's
supporting older versions of IE or
other browsers,
then having article with no
role would just get turned and
flattened out into a div.
Whereas the HTML roles have been
around for a lot longer, so
even having div role equals article,
it's still gonna fall back in a good way.
So I don't know if I talked
myself in a circle there.
But basically, so the HTML5 element is
gonna be good enough, but if you're
supporting old browsers, you'll want
the role as well, is what I would say.
>> Speaker 1: It's never actually going
to be detrimental to double up the ARIA.
>> Jon Kuperman: Right, yeah, that's not
gonna be a problem, it's not gonna be-
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 1: Is there something like,
can I use that list what browsers.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, I mean, so,
yeah, I mean, assembly if you wanted,
you could go, I think can use a hybrid,
but the HTML5 on MDM will have,
like if you look up a header tag or
something like that.
And then those all came at the same time,
header aside.
So you could look at those
with your browser support.
If you were using something like React or
whatever,
where you're generating that code,
I would always, just to double up on it,
in that one time, and
then use it everywhere that way.
But yeah, you can definitely check out the
browser support behind the HTML elements
to see if you support browsers
that don't support those.
>> Speaker 1: What about email?
I know it's a little caggis,
specific to web, but
what about translating some of these
guidelines into other digital assets?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yes, that's interesting.
So a lot of it is gonna be the same,
right?
Cuz if you're looking at a web mail client
or something like that, although you're
not really held to the same, the structure
isn't really as important there, right?
I mean, people are making
these entire HTML emails.
So I feel my first instinct on it is
that the same exact rules apply, right?
That if you're gonna be sending just
a text email, there's not a lot to do.
If you're gonna be structuring and
sending an HTML email, then the same web
accessibility rules will just apply there.
Because I think even if you had a non
web mail client, it's still gonna
have somewhat of a web rendering engine
for handling that kind of stuff.
So, yeah, I think the same rules
would apply for making those.